<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Tribler</title>

<link rel="stylesheet" href="/css/style.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="/css/trac.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/img/favicon.ico" type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="icon" href="/img/favicon.ico" type="image/x-icon" />

<!--[if lt IE 9]>
<script src="/js/html5shiv.js"></script>
<![endif]-->

<!--[if lte IE 6]>
<script src="/js/ie6fix.js"></script>
<link href="/css/ie6fix.css" rel="stylesheet" />
<![endif]-->

<script type="text/javascript" src="/js/jquery-1.10.2.min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
      var uservoiceOptions = {
        /* required */
        key: 'tribler',
        host: 'tribler.uservoice.com',
        forum: '90409',
        showTab: true,
        /* optional */
        alignment: 'right',
        background_color:'#f00',
        text_color: 'white',
        hover_color: '#009ec3',
        lang: 'en'
      };

      function _loadUserVoice() {
        var s = document.createElement('script');
        s.setAttribute('type', 'text/javascript');
        s.setAttribute('src', ("https:" == document.location.protocol ? "https://" : "http://") + "cdn.uservoice.com/javascripts/widgets/tab.js");
        document.getElementsByTagName('head')[0].appendChild(s);
      }
      _loadSuper = window.onload;
      window.onload = (typeof window.onload != 'function') ? _loadUserVoice : function() { _loadSuper(); _loadUserVoice(); };
    </script>

</head>

<body>

<div id="wrap">
	<header>
		<a href="/"><img src="/img/tribler-logo.png" alt="Return to the homepage" /></a>
		
		<nav>
			<ul>
				<li><a href="/">Tribler</a>
				    <ul>
				        <li><a href="/about.html">About Tribler</a></li>
				        <li><a href="/anonymity.html">Anonymity</a></li>
				        <li><a href="http://statistics.tribler.org">Statistics</a></li>
				    </ul>
				</li>
				<li><a href="/download.html">Download</a></li>
				<li><a href="/user-index.html">Users</a>
				    <ul>
				        <li><a href="/howto.html">How does it work</a></li>
				        <li><a href="/faq.html">FAQ</a></li>
				    </ul>
				</li>
				<li><a href="/developer-index.html">Developers</a>
				    <ul>
					<li><a href="https://github.com/Tribler/tribler">Github</a></li>
					<li><a href="https://github.com/Tribler/tribler/wiki">Wiki</a></li>
					<li><a href="/TitleIndex">Archive</a></li>
				    </ul>
				</li>
				<li><a href="http://forum.tribler.org">Forum</a></li>
			</ul>
		</nav>
	</header>	
	
	<section id="trac"><table><tr><td><h1 id="TriblerDev.Meetings">Tribler Dev. Meetings</h1>
<p>
Tribler dev. meetings are for raising issues related to tribler development and other tribler related stuff. Dev. meetings should last about one hour giving time to discuss things in a little detail. We will try to e-mail out dates/time/location at least one week before so people can add items to the agenda listed here.
</p>
<h2 id="NextTriblerDevMeetingFri.10-07-092pmin9.130">Next Tribler Dev Meeting Fri. 10-07-09 @ 2pm in 9.130</h2>
<p>
Please add any items you want to discuss to the agenda and add any comments / issues below.
</p>
<h3 id="Agenda:">Agenda:</h3>
<ul><li>Present some initial work on 2-hop torrent smell distributed tracking (Raynor Vliegendhart)
</li><li>Brief overview of vod / streaming plugin roadmap (Riccardo Petrocco)
</li></ul><h3 id="Commentsissues:">Comments / issues:</h3>
<ul><li>Room 9.130 is booked from 2pm to 3:30pm
</li></ul><h3 id="Notesofwhathappened:">Notes of what happened:</h3>
<ul><li>Raynor made a presentation on the current idea behind 2-hop torrent smell, see attached <a class="missing attachment">presentation</a>.
</li><li>Questions revolved around how many and which peers should be maintained (via PEX) by nodes and passed
</li><li>Currently a max of 25 peers will be maintained because this is maximum that it is reasonable to pass in a gossip message
</li><li>Nazareno said that it might be good to order peers by up-time to get reliable nodes
</li><li>Arno raised the issue of if we can be sure that the peers collected are actually serving content or just PEX'ing themselves 
</li><li>Riccardo reported back from the recent NY open video conference
</li><li>He indicated he had made some good contacts there within Mozilla, GStreamer, and VLC communities (among others)
</li><li>Both VLC and GStreamer projects are interested in tribler plug-in VoD, Streaming integration
</li><li>Riccardo gave an outline roadmap for this: 1) Simple p2p engine for VoD; 2) Streaming live content + upload detection; 3) New distributed seeding incentives; 4) <a class="wiki" href="/BitTorrent">BitTorrent</a>-2 / UDP
</li></ul><hr />
<h2 id="TriblerDevMeeting16-06-092pmin9.130">Tribler Dev Meeting 16-06-09 @ 2pm in 9.130</h2>
<p>
Please add any items you want to discuss to the agenda and add any comments / issues below.
</p>
<h3 id="Agenda:1">Agenda:</h3>
<ul><li>Boxun to introduce group to the Thunder client
</li><li>Johan to introduce group to the DC++ client
</li></ul><h3 id="Commentsissues:1">Comments / issues:</h3>
<ul><li>Room 9.130 is booked from 2pm to 4pm
</li></ul><h3 id="Notesofwhathappened:1">Notes of what happened:</h3>
<ul><li>Boxun talked briefly about PPLive, PPStream and Thunder see attached <a class="missing attachment">presentation</a>.
</li><li>Large numbers of users are claimed but we are not sure how many users they actually have
</li><li>Content ingestion is generally not possible by normal users
</li><li>Each of these clients is proprietary and it appears there are centrally maintained servers for content and moderation
</li><li>Hence these are better seen as "peer-assisted" centralised systems (like BBC iplayer using Akami)
</li><li>PPLive now has a webplug in
</li><li>Johan talked about DC++ indicating the way in which hubs can be easily set-up with strict kick-out criteria (like you must share say 100GB of stuff)
</li><li>Hubs are advertised on various web pages
</li><li>Is this a kind of group selection?
</li><li>Could such mechanisms be implemented in a fully decentralised way in tribler?
</li><li>Agreed next meeting for 2pm on 8th of July
</li></ul><div id="attachments">
<h3 class="foldable">Attachments</h3>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://kayapo.tribler.org/trac/raw-attachment/wiki/DevMeetings/2_Hop_TorrentSmell.pdf">2_Hop_TorrentSmell.pdf</a>
(<span>796.7KB</span>)</li><li><a href="http://kayapo.tribler.org/trac/raw-attachment/wiki/DevMeetings/p2p_in_China.pdf">p2p_in_China.pdf</a>
(<span>520.1KB</span>)</li></ul>
</div></td>
</tr>
</table>
</section>	

</body>
</html>